if that's the moon and that one
human, that's just so damned
why is there still and warm
welcome back here again I am
Now finally out of my god
in here a little bit no matter that
would have to be canceled unfortunately for that now
Video
I'm finally back out now
my little Christmas holiday so well
You could say I just got it
what so everything happened all so
unbelievably much what are for
luck is not how incredible and
tidy behind me right now is the
The rest of the apartment is great because of me
let my girlfriend use up
but I have snow shed in the
You have to have time so I have to
one now also times so I expect
I said it, you know
you what you mean
As you can see, it is very computer now
finally there I connected everything
therefore quite quite quite
little things like little things
for example that the acoustics look there
the back is not on the walls yet
which is why it is still so hot although the
idea
I just do it and now hold it
not anymore
[Laughter]
the way the are world's now a
video to the computer and the
Everything will be reassembled
give extra because that's just the otherwise
But that would be why
actually with that just that
computer came then came my girlfriend
to me and then we are already
drove together to my parents
to really celebrate Christmas there
very nice because I finally have
seen my cats again and again
everything and I have my man times
seen and I saw my dad
and that was nice and then they were
We so and because make my so on it
is
just let us do
but it was okay because it was believed
I the coast is the other one has you
against just 30 minutes and it
In the time five songs were practiced
Damper I once preached
held
I think he was just drunk
as well as the forehand
nothing against the driver who actually
very cool and funny or did so
Because I have no word against
to sit the two hours
then I unpacked my gifts
and what was in it from my girlfriend
It was this beautiful thing people
Do you know what that is? That's where it is
actually in front
that is a quadrocopter drone the
can fly and turn it and since
when will get and she has a camera
or shit that 's all of it mentally
so happy that my girlfriend does that
gift that is ultra so that you can
simply video on the synonymous in HD
i could have been my friends what day
Gave us a fight for parks
where we really chic in the
enter therme and otherwise really
go well with massages and
saunders and I think that's one
gift I became wants every girl
happy about it
or because I love so thought
so for my shadow or bacon johann
as well as on the second christmas holiday
been eating my father and mine
Grandma was like that and that was also mega sitting
to beautiful and anyway just again
because my grandma is a very complete
this gray but it is remarkable
like all youngest is ajar to said
there you should talk about ivo is it are
this heinz merz fits in with no idea
Maybe you know and opinion on
The next day we are to my girlfriend
drove and have another day there
Because they unfortunately
work had to go down like that
to Lake Constance and they had meant
hey you need to pick new and people
I do not want this situation
Just write down the world for the world
must be to the public that was the
write down or bring to the stage
it is I do not care if the for
It must build a stage with your own hands
it does not matter anymore
picture jensen waive no matter waits
from here we will see
she only says so many men's clothes
Shopping with pleasure means at the end
shopping what friends do you want
Do not come around then yes then are on
saturday night again, french me
crass to Augsburg and that was really ne
ride because it just snowed everywhere
So it's easy from the Lake Constance to the car
just snowed the whole road one
just everything was smooth that was right
In between, I am looking forward then
and I beat every one of them
Gas station stopped
that's what I was so that was then yes
They still travel the whole day today
I have the following for my neighbor
hot but also I believe 70 or so
ten hours shoveling snow so
because now her husband stops for five weeks
hospital was and tomorrow again
come and then stop the driveway
be free for the ambulance
brings content and so and that is
actually really tragic people
sad but I'll tell it like this
somebody needs your help then
because it's easy just imagine
before you just need help and
nobody wants to help you that we just
shit because if someone your help
then she needs him so far
even if we will do it to you
I mean my little disadvantage
means of course I have with the
forest made super super like shots
which is not possible because my mom
the camera also wants to keep or not
My girlfriend wants to go to the internet like
That's not all , that's why everyone was
we are difficult but I have
I think that somehow you completely
cool played yes otherwise know
you always my camera is with me
sorry that's how it is from new year there is
Definitely here again and indeed
15 kilo and are really targeted
I'm going to a video series were
at least with before and after video
that in any case simply alone
the reason that if I give it to you
I have to show because otherwise
I really shit there like that
said to the computer now on everyone
If there is still an extra video because the
Something like that is the ultra track is
we would have this thing so thick solar
Just let gamer's heart and computer
friends melt that is so if that
who lives and that is human then
that's just how it is to know again
what I combine and now choose again
because very easy on with lätz
place and all that is a few now
I had to get along without me for days
hope so, but we see each other
in the next video again know there
just so thank you for looking my
faithful people are you here